you might think well I'm not religious
but I believe that falsehood can triumph
over truth it's like no you're religious
you just worship the spirit of falsehood
you just said it well what do you mean
worship I mean celebrate well what do
you mean celebrate I mean put in the
highest place which is just what you did
with that claim and so I would
say you fight tyranny by refusing to lie
as in so far as you're capable of that
one of the things that I find so moving
about that I think it was a speech not
by lies right that that you're citing I
mean at one point he says if if it's too
much to say the truth at least don't say
the LIE right exactly that at least that
at least that and out there Beyond those
cameras there are who knows how many
people thousands millions of people
watching you listening to you speak
listening to us have this conversation
who are faced right now with exactly
that choice at least you cannot say the
LIE